desperate calls for help Rescuers hoping
for a
reply the search for any survivors of
yet another Israeli strike on
jabali finally a sign of
Life a young girl is found injured but
alive she was one of many children in
the home in the alaur area when it was
destroyed by Israeli strike on a
neighboring
mosque they have targeted the mosque
there are other people in the house this
is my
daughter like countless other children
in Gaza this wasn't the first time this
young girl had been injured in an
Israeli
strike I wanted to send her and part of
my family to Egypt for treatment because
I've got a permit to go to Egypt since
they were injured they were targeted
before thousands of displaced
Palestinians have been Sheltering in and
around mosques and Gaza since the War
Began but Israel has continually
targeted them destroying hundreds across
the strip in the last 6 months often
killing those who had hoped to find
safety Alex beard Al
jazer let's bring in M Alo who joins us
now from by via Skype from jabalia in
Northern Gaza and Mo as we can see the
devastation behind you from air strikes
like the one last night tell us about
their
impact sure the Israeli forces targeted
Alura MOS yesterday night and that R
resulted one killed and injured 11
civilians who from the neighborhood of
the MOs so uh this raid is not the first
incident of its kind this is a policy
imposed upon the Palestinians here there
are more than 600 mosques who which have
been destroyed by the Israelis during
this
war and uh this is not the first
incident as I told you the uh the
Israeli forces in the same context the
Israeli forces
also encouraged into Bon and Forest
people to evacuate to the to jabalia
here and they also arrested thousand of
Palestinians there and they
besieged AWA school and forced women to
remove their hijab under pretext of
investigating with them so what happened
in the north of Gaza from yesterday is
the raid against the MOs and the incuron
in banon area and besi a sh school which
contain more than thousand displaced
Palestinian and first the residents to
move to the jabalia and to move to AR
Rashid street moas thank you that's Moz
alute reporting there from jabalia in
Northern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler